---
title: blog
layout: post
author: robert.ellis
permalink: /blog/
source-id: 1PLDHEUSnLMpuQmiM4P7rE8Dtz4a5f-iotBsb8_0JVRo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Improving my re-made blog </td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>22/06/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>A very simple restarted static blog page </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have a slightly improved, better looking blog page </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes, my blog now has a not moving center section, along with a new background complementing the colour scheme </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this lesson, we had a starter activity, to make a python code that asked the user to enter their first and last name, and give some information back. To do this (at first) I thought I could have used some simple if loops and not do much with the information gathered. However, by the end of the lesson I had a fairly different code, which also used a feature I had not used before, the "len" to check the length of a string. I found out this by doing some research on the internet, and used this to also further my blog.  </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>However, in this lesson I did sit around for a bit and ponder what to do, which possibly was not the most effective use of time and if I had done some more research earlier I could have got of the starter activity earlier. This would have been a more effective use of my time, and I could have fixed the current problem of my background image not appearing. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, if I get into a problem, I will spend less time doing nothing apart from unuseful thinking that wouldn't develop my learning, and research my problem to get it done to the best of my ability in the quickest time. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


